TEI                TEI,MD             complex pure 
ab                 TEI,MD             complex mixed
abbr               TEI,MD             complex mixed
abstract           TEI,MD             complex pure 
accMat             TEI,MD             complex mixed
acquisition        TEI,MD             complex mixed
activity           TEI,MD             complex mixed
actor              TEI,MD             complex mixed
add                TEI,MD             complex mixed
addName            TEI,MD             complex mixed
addSpan            TEI,MD             complex pure 
additional         TEI,MD             complex pure 
additions          TEI,MD             complex mixed
addrLine           TEI,MD             complex mixed
address            TEI                complex pure 
address            MD                         mixed
adminInfo          TEI,MD             complex pure 
affiliation        TEI,MD             complex mixed
age                TEI,MD             complex mixed
alt                TEI,MD             complex pure 
altGrp             TEI,MD             complex pure 
altIdent           TEI,MD             complex mixed
altIdentifier      TEI,MD             complex pure 
alternate          TEI,MD             complex pure 
am                 TEI,MD             complex mixed
analytic           TEI,MD             complex pure 
anchor             TEI,MD             complex pure 
annotation         TEI,MD             complex pure 
annotationBlock    TEI,MD             complex pure 
anyElement         TEI,MD             complex pure 
app                TEI,MD             complex pure 
appInfo            TEI,MD             complex pure 
application        TEI,MD             complex pure 
arc                TEI,MD             complex pure 
argument           TEI,MD             complex pure 
att                TEI,MD             complex pure 
attDef             TEI,MD             complex pure 
attList            TEI,MD             complex pure 
attRef             TEI,MD             complex pure 
author             TEI,MD             complex mixed
authority          TEI,MD             complex mixed
availability       TEI,MD             complex pure 
back               TEI,MD             complex pure 
bibl               TEI,MD             complex mixed
biblFull           TEI,MD             complex pure 
biblScope          TEI,MD             complex mixed
biblStruct         TEI,MD             complex pure 
bicond             TEI,MD             complex pure 
binary             TEI,MD             complex pure 
binaryObject       TEI,MD             complex mixed
binding            TEI,MD             complex pure 
bindingDesc        TEI,MD             complex pure 
birth              TEI,MD             complex mixed
bloc               TEI,MD             complex mixed
body               TEI,MD             complex pure 
broadcast          TEI,MD             complex pure 
byline             TEI,MD             complex mixed
c                  TEI,MD             complex mixed
cRefPattern        TEI,MD             complex pure 
caesura            TEI,MD             complex pure 
calendar           TEI,MD             complex pure 
calendarDesc       TEI,MD             complex pure 
camera             TEI,MD             complex mixed
caption            TEI,MD             complex mixed
case               TEI,MD             complex mixed
castGroup          TEI,MD             complex pure 
castItem           TEI,MD             complex mixed
castList           TEI,MD             complex pure 
catDesc            TEI,MD             complex mixed
catRef             TEI,MD             complex pure 
catchwords         TEI,MD             complex mixed
category           TEI,MD             complex pure 
cb                 TEI,MD             complex pure 
cell               TEI,MD             complex mixed
certainty          TEI,MD             complex pure 
change             TEI,MD             complex mixed
channel            TEI,MD             complex mixed
char               TEI,MD             complex pure 
charDecl           TEI,MD             complex pure 
choice             TEI,MD             complex pure 
cit                TEI,MD             complex pure 
citeData           TEI,MD             complex pure 
citeStructure      TEI,MD             complex pure 
citedRange         TEI,MD             complex mixed
cl                 TEI,MD             complex mixed
classCode          TEI,MD             complex mixed
classDecl          TEI,MD             complex pure 
classRef           TEI,MD             complex pure 
classSpec          TEI,MD             complex pure 
classes            TEI,MD             complex pure 
climate            TEI,MD             complex pure 
closer             TEI,MD             complex mixed
code               TEI,MD             complex mixed
collation          TEI,MD             complex mixed
collection         TEI,MD             complex mixed
colloc             TEI,MD             complex mixed
colophon           TEI,MD             complex mixed
cond               TEI,MD             complex pure 
condition          TEI,MD             complex mixed
constitution       TEI,MD             complex mixed
constraint         TEI,MD             complex mixed
constraintSpec     TEI,MD             complex pure 
content            TEI,MD             complex pure 
conversion         TEI,MD             complex pure 
corr               TEI,MD             complex mixed
correction         TEI,MD             complex pure 
correspAction      TEI,MD             complex pure 
correspContext     TEI,MD             complex pure 
correspDesc        TEI,MD             complex pure 
country            TEI,MD             complex mixed
creation           TEI,MD             complex mixed
custEvent          TEI,MD             complex mixed
custodialHist      TEI,MD             complex pure 
damage             TEI,MD             complex mixed
damageSpan         TEI,MD             complex pure 
dataFacet          TEI,MD             complex pure 
dataRef            TEI,MD             complex pure 
dataSpec           TEI,MD             complex pure 
datatype           TEI,MD             complex pure 
date               TEI,MD             complex mixed
dateline           TEI,MD             complex mixed
death              TEI,MD             complex mixed
decoDesc           TEI,MD             complex pure 
decoNote           TEI,MD             complex mixed
def                TEI,MD             complex mixed
default            TEI,MD             complex pure 
defaultVal         TEI,MD             complex mixed
del                TEI,MD             complex mixed
delSpan            TEI,MD             complex pure 
depth              TEI,MD             complex mixed
derivation         TEI,MD             complex mixed
desc               TEI,MD             complex mixed
dictScrap          TEI,MD             complex mixed
dim                TEI,MD             complex mixed
dimensions         TEI,MD             complex pure 
distinct           TEI,MD             complex mixed
distributor        TEI,MD             complex mixed
district           TEI,MD             complex mixed
div                TEI,MD             complex pure 
div1               TEI,MD             complex pure 
div2               TEI,MD             complex pure 
div3               TEI,MD             complex pure 
div4               TEI,MD             complex pure 
div5               TEI,MD             complex pure 
div6               TEI,MD             complex pure 
div7               TEI,MD             complex pure 
divGen             TEI,MD             complex pure 
docAuthor          TEI,MD             complex mixed
docDate            TEI,MD             complex mixed
docEdition         TEI,MD             complex mixed
docImprint         TEI,MD             complex mixed
docTitle           TEI,MD             complex pure 
domain             TEI,MD             complex mixed
eLeaf              TEI,MD             complex pure 
eTree              TEI,MD             complex pure 
edition            TEI,MD             complex mixed
editionStmt        TEI,MD             complex pure 
editor             TEI,MD             complex mixed
editorialDecl      TEI,MD             complex pure 
education          TEI,MD             complex mixed
eg                 TEI,MD             complex mixed
elementRef         TEI,MD             complex pure 
elementSpec        TEI,MD             complex pure 
ellipsis           TEI,MD             complex pure 
email              TEI,MD             complex mixed
emph               TEI,MD             complex mixed
empty              TEI,MD             complex pure 
encodingDesc       TEI,MD             complex pure 
entry              TEI,MD             complex pure 
entryFree          TEI,MD             complex mixed
epigraph           TEI,MD             complex pure 
epilogue           TEI,MD             complex pure 
equipment          TEI,MD             complex pure 
equiv              TEI,MD             complex pure 
etym               TEI,MD             complex mixed
event              TEI,MD             complex pure 
ex                 TEI,MD             complex mixed
exemplum           TEI,MD             complex pure 
expan              TEI,MD             complex mixed
explicit           TEI,MD             complex mixed
extent             TEI,MD             complex mixed
f                  TEI,MD             complex mixed
fDecl              TEI,MD             complex pure 
fDescr             TEI,MD             complex mixed
fLib               TEI,MD             complex pure 
facsimile          TEI,MD             complex pure 
factuality         TEI,MD             complex mixed
faith              TEI,MD             complex mixed
figDesc            TEI,MD             complex mixed
figure             TEI,MD             complex pure 
fileDesc           TEI,MD             complex pure 
filiation          TEI,MD             complex mixed
finalRubric        TEI,MD             complex mixed
floatingText       TEI,MD             complex pure 
floruit            TEI,MD             complex mixed
foliation          TEI,MD             complex mixed
foreign            TEI,MD             complex mixed
forename           TEI,MD             complex mixed
forest             TEI,MD             complex pure 
form               TEI,MD             complex mixed
formula            TEI,MD             complex mixed
front              TEI,MD             complex pure 
fs                 TEI,MD             complex pure 
fsConstraints      TEI,MD             complex pure 
fsDecl             TEI,MD             complex pure 
fsDescr            TEI,MD             complex mixed
fsdDecl            TEI,MD             complex pure 
fsdLink            TEI,MD             complex pure 
funder             TEI,MD             complex mixed
fvLib              TEI,MD             complex pure 
fw                 TEI,MD             complex mixed
g                  TEI,MD             complex mixed
gap                TEI,MD             complex pure 
gb                 TEI,MD             complex pure 
gen                TEI,MD             complex mixed
genName            TEI,MD             complex mixed
gender             TEI,MD             complex mixed
geo                TEI,MD             complex mixed
geoDecl            TEI,MD             complex mixed
geogFeat           TEI,MD             complex mixed
geogName           TEI,MD             complex mixed
gi                 TEI,MD             complex pure 
gloss              TEI,MD             complex mixed
glyph              TEI,MD             complex pure 
gram               TEI,MD             complex mixed
gramGrp            TEI,MD             complex mixed
graph              TEI,MD             complex pure 
graphic            TEI,MD             complex pure 
group              TEI,MD             complex pure 
handDesc           TEI,MD             complex pure 
handNote           TEI,MD             complex mixed
handNotes          TEI,MD             complex pure 
handShift          TEI,MD             complex pure 
head               TEI,MD             complex mixed
headItem           TEI,MD             complex mixed
headLabel          TEI,MD             complex mixed
height             TEI,MD             complex mixed
heraldry           TEI,MD             complex mixed
hi                 TEI,MD             complex mixed
history            TEI,MD             complex pure 
hom                TEI,MD             complex pure 
hyph               TEI,MD             complex mixed
hyphenation        TEI,MD             complex pure 
iNode              TEI,MD             complex pure 
iType              TEI,MD             complex mixed
ident              TEI,MD             complex mixed
idno               TEI,MD             complex mixed
if                 TEI,MD             complex pure 
iff                TEI,MD             complex pure 
imprimatur         TEI,MD             complex mixed
imprint            TEI,MD             complex pure 
incident           TEI,MD             complex pure 
incipit            TEI,MD             complex mixed
index              TEI,MD             complex pure 
institution        TEI,MD             complex mixed
interaction        TEI,MD             complex mixed
interp             TEI,MD             complex mixed
interpGrp          TEI,MD             complex pure 
interpretation     TEI,MD             complex pure 
item               TEI,MD             complex mixed
join               TEI,MD             complex pure 
joinGrp            TEI,MD             complex pure 
keywords           TEI,MD             complex pure 
kinesic            TEI,MD             complex pure 
l                  TEI,MD             complex mixed
label              TEI,MD             complex mixed
lacunaEnd          TEI,MD             complex pure 
lacunaStart        TEI,MD             complex pure 
lang               TEI,MD             complex mixed
langKnowledge      TEI,MD             complex pure 
langKnown          TEI,MD             complex mixed
langUsage          TEI,MD             complex pure 
language           TEI,MD             complex mixed
layout             TEI,MD             complex mixed
layoutDesc         TEI,MD             complex pure 
lb                 TEI,MD             complex pure 
lbl                TEI,MD             complex mixed
leaf               TEI,MD             complex pure 
lem                TEI,MD             complex mixed
lg                 TEI,MD             complex pure 
licence            TEI,MD             complex mixed
line               TEI,MD             complex mixed
link               TEI,MD             complex pure 
linkGrp            TEI,MD             complex pure 
list               TEI,MD             complex pure 
listAnnotation     TEI,MD             complex pure 
listApp            TEI,MD             complex pure 
listBibl           TEI,MD             complex pure 
listChange         TEI,MD             complex pure 
listEvent          TEI,MD             complex pure 
listForest         TEI,MD             complex pure 
listNym            TEI,MD             complex pure 
listObject         TEI,MD             complex pure 
listOrg            TEI,MD             complex pure 
listPerson         TEI,MD             complex pure 
listPlace          TEI,MD             complex pure 
listPrefixDef      TEI,MD             complex pure 
listRef            TEI,MD             complex pure 
listRelation       TEI,MD             complex pure 
listTranspose      TEI,MD             complex pure 
listWit            TEI,MD             complex pure 
localProp          TEI,MD             complex pure 
locale             TEI,MD             complex mixed
location           TEI,MD             complex pure 
locus              TEI,MD             complex mixed
locusGrp           TEI,MD             complex pure 
m                  TEI,MD             complex mixed
macroRef           TEI,MD             complex pure 
macroSpec          TEI,MD             complex pure 
mapping            TEI,MD             complex mixed
material           TEI,MD             complex mixed
measure            TEI,MD             complex mixed
measureGrp         TEI,MD             complex mixed
media              TEI,MD             complex pure 
meeting            TEI,MD             complex mixed
memberOf           TEI,MD             complex mixed
mentioned          TEI,MD             complex mixed
metDecl            TEI,MD             complex pure 
metSym             TEI,MD             complex mixed
metamark           TEI,MD             complex mixed
milestone          TEI,MD             complex pure 
mod                TEI,MD             complex mixed
model              TEI,MD             complex pure 
modelGrp           TEI,MD             complex pure 
modelSequence      TEI,MD             complex pure 
moduleRef          TEI,MD             complex pure 
moduleSpec         TEI,MD             complex pure 
monogr             TEI,MD             complex pure 
mood               TEI,MD             complex mixed
move               TEI,MD             complex pure 
msContents         TEI,MD             complex pure 
msDesc             TEI,MD             complex pure 
msFrag             TEI,MD             complex pure 
msIdentifier       TEI,MD             complex pure 
msItem             TEI,MD             complex pure 
msItemStruct       TEI,MD             complex pure 
msName             TEI,MD             complex mixed
msPart             TEI,MD             complex pure 
musicNotation      TEI,MD             complex mixed
name               TEI,MD             complex mixed
nameLink           TEI,MD             complex mixed
namespace          TEI,MD             complex pure 
nationality        TEI,MD             complex mixed
node               TEI,MD             complex pure 
normalization      TEI,MD             complex pure 
notatedMusic       TEI,MD             complex pure 
note               TEI,MD             complex mixed
noteGrp            TEI,MD             complex pure 
notesStmt          TEI,MD             complex pure 
num                TEI,MD             complex mixed
number             TEI,MD             complex mixed
numeric            TEI,MD             complex pure 
nym                TEI,MD             complex pure 
oRef               TEI,MD             complex mixed
object             TEI,MD             complex pure 
objectDesc         TEI,MD             complex pure 
objectIdentifier   TEI,MD             complex pure 
objectName         TEI,MD             complex mixed
objectType         TEI,MD             complex mixed
occupation         TEI,MD             complex mixed
offset             TEI,MD             complex mixed
opener             TEI,MD             complex mixed
org                TEI,MD             complex pure 
orgName            TEI,MD             complex mixed
orig               TEI,MD             complex mixed
origDate           TEI,MD             complex mixed
origPlace          TEI,MD             complex mixed
origin             TEI,MD             complex mixed
orth               TEI,MD             complex mixed
outputRendition    TEI,MD             complex mixed
p                  TEI,MD             complex mixed
pRef               TEI,MD             complex mixed
param              TEI,MD             complex pure 
paramList          TEI,MD             complex pure 
paramSpec          TEI,MD             complex pure 
particDesc         TEI,MD             complex pure 
path               TEI,MD             complex pure 
pause              TEI,MD             complex pure 
pb                 TEI,MD             complex pure 
pc                 TEI,MD             complex mixed
per                TEI,MD             complex mixed
performance        TEI,MD             complex pure 
persName           TEI,MD             complex mixed
persPronouns       TEI,MD             complex mixed
person             TEI,MD             complex pure 
personGrp          TEI,MD             complex pure 
persona            TEI,MD             complex pure 
phr                TEI,MD             complex mixed
physDesc           TEI,MD             complex pure 
place              TEI,MD             complex pure 
placeName          TEI,MD             complex mixed
population         TEI,MD             complex pure 
pos                TEI,MD             complex mixed
postBox            TEI,MD             complex mixed
postCode           TEI,MD             complex mixed
postmark           MD                 complex mixed
postscript         TEI,MD             complex pure 
precision          TEI,MD             complex pure 
prefixDef          TEI,MD             complex pure 
preparedness       TEI,MD             complex mixed
principal          TEI,MD             complex mixed
profileDesc        TEI,MD             complex pure 
projectDesc        TEI,MD             complex pure 
prologue           TEI,MD             complex pure 
pron               TEI,MD             complex mixed
provenance         TEI,MD             complex mixed
ptr                TEI,MD             complex pure 
pubPlace           TEI,MD             complex mixed
publicationStmt    TEI,MD             complex pure 
publisher          TEI,MD             complex mixed
punctuation        TEI,MD             complex pure 
purpose            TEI,MD             complex mixed
q                  TEI,MD             complex mixed
quotation          TEI,MD             complex pure 
quote              TEI,MD             complex mixed
rb                 TEI,MD             complex mixed
rdg                TEI,MD             complex mixed
rdgGrp             TEI,MD             complex pure 
re                 TEI,MD             complex mixed
recordHist         TEI,MD             complex pure 
recording          TEI,MD             complex pure 
recordingStmt      TEI,MD             complex pure 
redo               TEI,MD             complex pure 
ref                TEI,MD             complex mixed
refState           TEI,MD             complex pure 
refsDecl           TEI,MD             complex pure 
reg                TEI,MD             complex mixed
region             TEI,MD             complex mixed
relatedItem        TEI,MD             complex pure 
relation           TEI,MD             complex pure 
remarks            TEI,MD             complex pure 
rendition          TEI,MD             complex mixed
repository         TEI,MD             complex mixed
residence          TEI,MD             complex mixed
resp               TEI,MD             complex mixed
respStmt           TEI,MD             complex pure 
respons            TEI,MD             complex pure 
restore            TEI,MD             complex mixed
retrace            TEI,MD             complex mixed
revisionDesc       TEI,MD             complex pure 
rewrite            MD                 complex mixed
rhyme              TEI,MD             complex mixed
role               TEI,MD             complex mixed
roleDesc           TEI,MD             complex mixed
roleName           TEI,MD             complex mixed
root               TEI,MD             complex pure 
row                TEI,MD             complex pure 
rs                 TEI,MD             complex mixed
rt                 TEI,MD             complex mixed
rubric             TEI,MD             complex mixed
ruby               TEI,MD             complex pure 
s                  TEI,MD             complex mixed
said               TEI,MD             complex mixed
salute             TEI,MD             complex mixed
samplingDecl       TEI,MD             complex pure 
schemaRef          TEI,MD             complex pure 
schemaSpec         TEI,MD             complex pure 
scriptDesc         TEI,MD             complex pure 
scriptNote         TEI,MD             complex mixed
scriptStmt         TEI,MD             complex pure 
seal               TEI,MD             complex pure 
sealDesc           TEI,MD             complex pure 
secFol             TEI,MD             complex mixed
secl               TEI,MD             complex mixed
seg                TEI,MD             complex mixed
segmentation       TEI,MD             complex pure 
sense              TEI,MD             complex mixed
sepLine            MD                 complex pure 
sequence           TEI,MD             complex pure 
series             TEI,MD             complex mixed
seriesStmt         TEI,MD             complex pure 
set                TEI,MD             complex pure 
setting            TEI,MD             complex pure 
settingDesc        TEI,MD             complex pure 
settlement         TEI,MD             complex mixed
sex                TEI,MD             complex mixed
shift              TEI,MD             complex pure 
sic                TEI,MD             complex mixed
signatures         TEI,MD             complex mixed
signed             TEI,MD             complex mixed
soCalled           TEI,MD             complex mixed
socecStatus        TEI,MD             complex mixed
sound              TEI,MD             complex mixed
source             TEI,MD             complex mixed
sourceDesc         TEI,MD             complex pure 
sourceDoc          TEI,MD             complex pure 
sp                 TEI,MD             complex pure 
spGrp              TEI,MD             complex pure 
space              TEI,MD             complex pure 
span               TEI,MD             complex mixed
spanGrp            TEI,MD             complex pure 
speaker            TEI,MD             complex mixed
specDesc           TEI,MD             complex pure 
specGrp            TEI,MD             complex pure 
specGrpRef         TEI,MD             complex pure 
specList           TEI,MD             complex pure 
sponsor            TEI,MD             complex mixed
stage              TEI,MD             complex mixed
stamp              TEI,MD             complex mixed
standOff           TEI,MD             complex pure 
state              TEI,MD             complex pure 
stdVals            TEI,MD             complex pure 
street             TEI,MD             complex mixed
stress             TEI,MD             complex mixed
string             TEI,MD             complex mixed
styleDefDecl       TEI,MD             complex pure 
subc               TEI,MD             complex mixed
subst              TEI,MD             complex pure 
substJoin          TEI,MD             complex pure 
summary            TEI,MD             complex mixed
superEntry         TEI,MD             complex pure 
supplied           TEI,MD             complex mixed
support            TEI,MD             complex mixed
supportDesc        TEI,MD             complex pure 
surface            TEI,MD             complex pure 
surfaceGrp         TEI,MD             complex pure 
surname            TEI,MD             complex mixed
surplus            TEI,MD             complex mixed
surrogates         TEI,MD             complex mixed
syll               TEI,MD             complex mixed
symbol             TEI,MD             complex pure 
table              TEI,MD             complex pure 
tag                TEI,MD             complex mixed
tagUsage           TEI,MD             complex mixed
tagsDecl           TEI,MD             complex pure 
taxonomy           TEI,MD             complex pure 
tech               TEI,MD             complex mixed
teiCorpus          TEI,MD             complex pure 
teiHeader          TEI,MD             complex pure 
term               TEI,MD             complex mixed
terrain            TEI,MD             complex pure 
text               TEI,MD             complex pure 
textClass          TEI,MD             complex pure 
textDesc           TEI,MD             complex pure 
textLang           TEI,MD             complex mixed
textNode           TEI,MD             complex pure 
then               TEI,MD             complex pure 
time               TEI,MD             complex mixed
timeline           TEI,MD             complex pure 
title              TEI,MD             complex mixed
titlePage          TEI,MD             complex pure 
titlePart          TEI,MD             complex mixed
titleStmt          TEI,MD             complex pure 
tns                TEI,MD             complex mixed
trailer            TEI,MD             complex mixed
trait              TEI,MD             complex pure 
transcriptionDesc  TEI,MD             complex pure 
transpose          TEI                complex pure 
transpose          MD                         mixed
tree               TEI,MD             complex pure 
triangle           TEI,MD             complex pure 
typeDesc           TEI,MD             complex pure 
typeNote           TEI,MD             complex mixed
u                  TEI,MD             complex mixed
unclear            TEI,MD             complex mixed
undo               TEI,MD             complex pure 
unicodeProp        TEI,MD             complex pure 
unihanProp         TEI,MD             complex pure 
unit               TEI,MD             complex mixed
unitDecl           TEI,MD             complex pure 
unitDef            TEI,MD             complex pure 
usg                TEI,MD             complex mixed
vAlt               TEI,MD             complex pure 
vColl              TEI,MD             complex pure 
vDefault           TEI,MD             complex pure 
vLabel             TEI,MD             complex pure 
vMerge             TEI,MD             complex pure 
vNot               TEI,MD             complex pure 
vRange             TEI,MD             complex pure 
val                TEI,MD             complex mixed
valDesc            TEI,MD             complex mixed
valItem            TEI,MD             complex pure 
valList            TEI,MD             complex pure 
variantEncoding    TEI,MD             complex pure 
view               TEI,MD             complex mixed
vocal              TEI,MD             complex pure 
w                  TEI,MD             complex mixed
watermark          TEI,MD             complex mixed
wbh                MD                 complex pure 
when               TEI,MD             complex pure 
width              TEI,MD             complex mixed
wit                TEI,MD             complex mixed
witDetail          TEI,MD             complex mixed
witEnd             TEI,MD             complex pure 
witStart           TEI,MD             complex pure 
witness            TEI,MD             complex mixed
writing            TEI,MD             complex mixed
xenoData           TEI,MD             complex mixed
xr                 TEI,MD             complex mixed
zone               TEI,MD             complex mixed
