TEI                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
ab                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
abbr               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
abstract           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
accMat             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
acquisition        TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
activity           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
actor              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
add                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
addName            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
addSpan            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
additional         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
additions          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
addrLine           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
address            TEI,artwork        complex pure 
address            MD                         mixed
adminInfo          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
affiliation        TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
age                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
alt                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
altGrp             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
altIdent           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
altIdentifier      TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
alternate          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
am                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
analytic           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
anchor             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
annotation         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
annotationBlock    TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
anyElement         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
app                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
appInfo            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
application        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
arc                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
argument           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
artwork            artwork            complex pure 
att                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
attDef             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
attList            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
attRef             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
author             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
authority          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
availability       TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
back               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
bibl               TEI,MD             complex mixed
bibl               artwork                    pure 
biblFull           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
biblScope          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
biblStruct         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
bicond             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
binary             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
binaryObject       TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
binding            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
bindingDesc        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
birth              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
bloc               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
body               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
broadcast          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
byline             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
c                  TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
cRefPattern        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
caesura            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
calendar           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
calendarDesc       TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
camera             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
caption            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
case               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
castGroup          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
castItem           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
castList           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
catDesc            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
catRef             TEI,MD             complex pure 
catRef             artwork                    mixed
catchwords         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
category           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
cb                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
cell               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
certainty          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
change             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
channel            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
char               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
charDecl           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
choice             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
cit                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
citeData           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
citeStructure      TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
citedRange         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
cl                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
classCode          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
classDecl          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
classRef           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
classSpec          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
classes            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
climate            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
closer             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
code               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
collation          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
collection         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
colloc             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
colophon           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
cond               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
condition          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
constitution       TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
constraint         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
constraintSpec     TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
content            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
conversion         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
corr               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
correction         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
correspAction      TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
correspContext     TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
correspDesc        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
country            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
creation           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
custEvent          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
custodialHist      TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
damage             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
damageSpan         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
dataFacet          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
dataRef            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
dataSpec           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
datatype           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
date               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
dateline           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
death              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
decoDesc           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
decoNote           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
def                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
default            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
defaultVal         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
del                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
delSpan            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
depth              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
derivation         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
desc               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
dictScrap          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
dim                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
dimensions         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
distinct           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
distributor        TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
district           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
div                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
div1               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
div2               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
div3               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
div4               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
div5               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
div6               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
div7               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
divGen             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
docAuthor          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
docDate            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
docEdition         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
docImprint         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
docTitle           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
domain             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
eLeaf              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
eTree              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
edition            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
editionStmt        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
editor             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
editorialDecl      TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
education          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
eg                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
elementRef         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
elementSpec        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
ellipsis           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
email              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
emph               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
empty              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
encodingDesc       TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
entry              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
entryFree          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
epigraph           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
epilogue           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
equipment          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
equiv              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
etym               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
event              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
ex                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
exemplum           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
expan              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
explicit           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
extent             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
f                  TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
fDecl              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
fDescr             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
fLib               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
facsimile          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
factuality         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
faith              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
figDesc            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
figure             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
fileDesc           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
filiation          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
finalRubric        TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
floatingText       TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
floruit            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
foliation          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
foreign            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
forename           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
forest             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
form               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
formula            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
front              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
fs                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
fsConstraints      TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
fsDecl             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
fsDescr            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
fsdDecl            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
fsdLink            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
funder             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
fvLib              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
fw                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
g                  TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
gap                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
gb                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
gen                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
genName            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
gender             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
geo                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
geoDecl            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
geogFeat           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
geogName           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
gi                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
gloss              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
glyph              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
gram               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
gramGrp            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
graph              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
graphic            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
group              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
handDesc           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
handNote           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
handNotes          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
handShift          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
head               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
headItem           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
headLabel          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
height             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
heraldry           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
hi                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
history            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
hom                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
hyph               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
hyphenation        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
iNode              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
iType              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
ident              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
idno               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
if                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
iff                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
imprimatur         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
imprint            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
incident           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
incipit            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
index              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
institution        TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
interaction        TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
interp             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
interpGrp          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
interpretation     TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
item               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
join               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
joinGrp            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
keywords           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
kinesic            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
l                  TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
label              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
lacunaEnd          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
lacunaStart        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
lang               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
langKnowledge      TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
langKnown          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
langUsage          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
language           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
layout             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
layoutDesc         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
lb                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
lbl                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
leaf               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
lem                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
lg                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
licence            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
line               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
link               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
linkGrp            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
list               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listAnnotation     TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listApp            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listBibl           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listChange         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listEvent          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listForest         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listNym            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listObject         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listOrg            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listPerson         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listPlace          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listPrefixDef      TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listRef            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listRelation       TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listTranspose      TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
listWit            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
localProp          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
locale             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
location           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
locus              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
locusGrp           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
m                  TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
macroRef           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
macroSpec          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
mapping            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
material           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
measure            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
measureGrp         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
media              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
meeting            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
memberOf           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
mentioned          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
metDecl            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
metSym             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
metamark           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
milestone          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
mod                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
model              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
modelGrp           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
modelSequence      TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
moduleRef          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
moduleSpec         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
monogr             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
mood               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
move               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
msContents         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
msDesc             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
msFrag             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
msIdentifier       TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
msItem             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
msItemStruct       TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
msName             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
msPart             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
musicNotation      TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
name               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
nameLink           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
namespace          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
nationality        TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
node               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
normalization      TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
notatedMusic       TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
note               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
noteGrp            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
notesStmt          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
num                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
number             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
numeric            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
nym                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
oRef               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
object             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
objectDesc         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
objectIdentifier   TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
objectName         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
objectType         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
occupation         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
offset             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
opener             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
org                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
orgName            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
orig               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
origDate           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
origPlace          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
origin             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
orth               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
outputRendition    TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
p                  TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
pRef               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
param              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
paramList          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
paramSpec          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
particDesc         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
path               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
pause              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
pb                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
pc                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
per                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
performance        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
persName           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
persPronouns       TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
person             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
personGrp          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
persona            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
phr                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
physDesc           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
place              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
placeName          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
population         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
pos                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
postBox            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
postCode           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
postmark           MD                 complex mixed
postscript         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
precision          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
prefixDef          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
preparedness       TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
principal          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
profileDesc        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
projectDesc        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
prologue           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
pron               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
provenance         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
ptr                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
pubPlace           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
publicationStmt    TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
publisher          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
punctuation        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
purpose            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
q                  TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
quotation          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
quote              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
rb                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
rdg                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
rdgGrp             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
re                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
recordHist         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
recording          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
recordingStmt      TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
redo               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
ref                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
refState           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
refsDecl           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
reg                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
region             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
relatedItem        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
relation           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
remarks            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
rendition          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
repository         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
residence          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
resp               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
respStmt           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
respons            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
restore            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
retrace            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
revisionDesc       TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
rewrite            MD                 complex mixed
rhyme              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
role               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
roleDesc           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
roleName           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
root               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
row                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
rs                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
rt                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
rubric             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
ruby               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
s                  TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
said               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
salute             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
samplingDecl       TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
schemaRef          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
schemaSpec         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
scriptDesc         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
scriptNote         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
scriptStmt         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
seal               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
sealDesc           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
secFol             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
secl               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
seg                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
segmentation       TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
sense              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
sepLine            MD                 complex pure 
sequence           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
series             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
seriesStmt         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
set                TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
setting            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
settingDesc        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
settlement         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
sex                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
shift              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
sic                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
signatures         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
signed             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
soCalled           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
socecStatus        TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
sound              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
source             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
sourceDesc         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
sourceDoc          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
sp                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
spGrp              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
space              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
span               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
spanGrp            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
speaker            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
specDesc           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
specGrp            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
specGrpRef         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
specList           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
sponsor            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
stage              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
stamp              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
standOff           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
state              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
stdVals            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
street             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
stress             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
string             TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
styleDefDecl       TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
subc               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
subst              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
substJoin          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
summary            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
superEntry         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
supplied           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
support            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
supportDesc        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
surface            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
surfaceGrp         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
surname            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
surplus            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
surrogates         TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
syll               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
symbol             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
table              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
tag                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
tagUsage           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
tagsDecl           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
taxonomy           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
tech               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
teiCorpus          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
teiHeader          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
term               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
terrain            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
text               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
textClass          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
textDesc           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
textLang           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
textNode           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
then               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
time               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
timeline           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
title              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
titlePage          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
titlePart          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
titleStmt          TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
tns                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
trailer            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
trait              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
transcriptionDesc  TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
transpose          TEI,artwork        complex pure 
transpose          MD                         mixed
tree               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
triangle           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
typeDesc           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
typeNote           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
u                  TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
unclear            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
undo               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
unicodeProp        TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
unihanProp         TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
unit               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
unitDecl           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
unitDef            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
usg                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
vAlt               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
vColl              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
vDefault           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
vLabel             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
vMerge             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
vNot               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
vRange             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
val                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
valDesc            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
valItem            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
valList            TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
variantEncoding    TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
view               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
vocal              TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
w                  TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
watermark          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
wbh                MD                 complex pure 
when               TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
width              TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
wit                TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
witDetail          TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
witEnd             TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
witStart           TEI,MD,artwork     complex pure 
witness            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
writing            TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
xenoData           TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
xr                 TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
zone               TEI,MD,artwork     complex mixed
